# olive2023whiteside.github.io
Communications Lab Spring 2022 Assignments
Project 1: Interactive Film Poster
  Project Description: Posters are what come to mind when thinking about films in a school space. The concept was to create an interactive poster (the homepage) that would naigate   you through the natural phases of seeing a film: the poster which describes the film and sets a tone, the film (rather going to see it), and the after film chat about actors and   their intended vision. I wanted to create a small sight that housed, contextualized, and navigated the user experince in the same way.
  Process: I sketched how a flow chat of how I wanted the pages to interact and detailed what sorts of information and interaction I wanted on each page. Then I chose supplementry   art that would set the tone in the same visual way a poster would. It was here that I realized that my home page wouldn't have a bunch of words, but instead be highly visual. I   endlessly reearched and tryed different ways of creating the grids that I wanted. It was in trying to build the site that I had to make decisions about how to simplfy and         condense pages becasue I was quickly running out of time and solutions. I think implementation was the hardest beacuse I had to let go of what I wanted to do in lieu of the fact   that I don't yet have the skill to organize things in such a high level manner. 
  Reflection/Evaluation: My goals and expectations were far from met. At evey stage of implementation I had to sacrifce a goal becasue I just couldn't find another way to do it. I   think the exectution left a lot to be desired and in many ways the creative and storytelling aspects are lost. I'm not happy with it, but I guess everyone has to start             somewhere. 
